--G
NXX I wanted to play a game with Laura. There is a board game cafe nearby and I wanted to go there.
bg board games.png
NXX When we arrive, I look at the wide variety of games available.
HNX How do I choose one? They all look so good.
NNP Which one would you like to play?
XNG How about Snakes and Ladders? This one could be fun. 
NNP I don't really like games that are completely based on luck. 
XNG Oh, what about chess? There's no luck in chess.
NNP Chess is fun but I'm not really good at it.
NNP But I'll try it anyways.
NNX As expected, I got completely stomped.
NNX I blundered in the opening and hanged a piece. 
NNX I got checkmated soon after.
SNP Are there games that involve both luck and skill? 
XNG Let's try backgammon. 
NNP I don't really know how to play backgammon. Can you teach me?
XNG It's very simple, just roll the dice, and choose which piece to move that number of squares.
XNG If you land on a place with only one opposing piece, you can take their piece off and move it to the center of the board.
XNG Then they have to start all over again. 
NNP I kinda understand, let's try playing one round.
NHX Being new to this game, Laura gets an early advantage rather quickly.
NHX But I get a few lucky dice rolls. 
HHP I win!
XHG I had fun too even though I lost.
XHG Playing board games isn't about winning, it's about fun!
NHG We had a lot of fun trying out various board games before it's time to go back.
--B
NXX I wanted to play a game with Laura. There is a board game cafe nearby and I wanted to go there.
bg board games.png
NXX When we arrive, I look at the wide variety of games available.
NXP Which one do you want to play?
XNG How about Snakes and Ladders? 
NNP Ok, let's play.
NNX We play for a bit, but quickly realize there is a problem.
SNX It's completely luck based.
NNX Most board games involve rolling dice or taking cards. 
NNX I know that it adds some unpredictability to the game, but I always find it unfair.
NNX There's also chess, a game that has no luck. 
HNP Let's play chess! I want to play a game that is all skill and no luck.  
NNX I'm not really good at chess though, but I won't tell her just yet.
XNG Ok, let's play one round.
SSX Unfortunately, there are so many weird rules such as check and checkmate, en passant, castling, etc. 
SSX We had to constantly consult the rule book. That isn't fun. 
XSG Board games aren't really my thing.  Can we do something else?
NXX I didn't want to pressure Laura into doing something she doesn't want to do, so we stop playing and go back to the car. 