--G
NXX I saw a flier for a circus in town, so I decided to go there. 
NXX I don't know how much Laura would like circuses though. 
NXX She doesn't seem to be the kind of person who would enjoy such a thing.
NXX But I decide to take the risk and go with her anyways. 
bg circus.png
NXX When we see the white and red tent, I took a quick glance at Laura's face
NHX She's really happy.
HHG Are we going to the circus? I love circuses!
NHX We bought our tickets and went inside.
bg circus inside.png
fg Ringmaster|ringmaster.png 
HHX The first thing I sensed is the smell of popcorn and the sound of laughter.
XHRingmaster The show is about to start!
XHG I can't wait to see the performances!
XHG The acrobats, the animals, the tightrope walkers, the juggling...
XHG I used to love circuses when I was a kid.
XHG But there weren't any around where I lived, so I had to read about them and watch them without seeing them in person.
XHG This is the first time watching a circus in person.
HHP I love circuses too, but sometimes I get scared.
HHP What if they fall and get injured?
HHP But I try not to think too hard about it. They're trained professionals, after all.
fg Ringmaster|
NXX During intermission, I get some popcorn and cotton candy, and share them with Laura.
NHX I watch the rest of the performances with Laura. I can tell she really enjoyed them.
--B
NXX I saw a flier for a circus in town, but circuses weren't that interesting for me.
NNG Where are we going next? I don't like waiting.
NXX I don't know how much Laura would like circuses though. 
NXX She doesn't seem to be the kind of person who would enjoy such a thing.
NXX But I don't really have a choice, I can't think of anywhere else to go.
HNP Let's go to the circus. 
HHG  I love circuses!
HHG I used to love circuses when I was a kid.
HHG But there weren't any around where I lived, so I had to read about them and watch them without seeing them in person.
HHG This is the first time watching a circus in person.
bg circus.png
NHX I drive there, we buy tickets and go inside.
bg circus inside.png
HNP Are you liking it?
HSG I guess...
XSG This isn't really what I had in mind. 
XSG The snacks are a bit overpriced
XSG The performances are not that great
XSG It just doesn't feel magical
SSX We leave halfway during the show, feeling disappointed.