--G
NXX I wasn't sure what to do, just driving around.
NXX Then I remembered something.
NNP Let's go golfing, I just remembered that I have a lesson today. 
NNG Sure, let's go there. 
bg golf.png
NNX We get our clubs and start to play.
NNX We are a bit early, the coach hasn't arrived yet, so we practice a little bit before he comes. 
XNG These clubs are so hard to use.
XNG They're really small it's easy to miss the ball.
NNX Then, the coach arrives and starts the lesson. 
fg Coach|coach.png
NNCoach Remember to keep a goond posture.
NNCoach You'll miss the ball a lot when you first start, so for now, just practice hitting the ball.
NNX The coach teaches us how to keep a good posture, how to swing, and how to turn our shoulders and hips.
NNX Over time, we can consistently hit the ball.
NNX But still have no control over where it goes.
fg Coach|
NNX Then, the coach leaves us to practice on our own for a little bit.
NNX Laura and I take turns hitting the ball, it goes in random and unpredictable places.
NNX Eventually, we get it in the hole.
XHG We did it!
HHP Yes we did! It was great playing with you.
HHX Our time ran out, so we return the clubs, the ball and go back. 
--B
NXX I wasn't sure what to do, just driving around.
NXX Then I remembered I had golf lessons today.
NNP Let's go golfing, I have a lesson soon. 
NNG Sure, let's go there. 
NNX We get our clubs and start to play.
bg golf.png
NNX We are a bit early, the coach hasn't arrived yet, so we practice a little bit before he comes. 
NNX Then, I get a message from my coach.  
NNP Today's lesson is postponed. But since we're here, let's try to play anyways. 
XNG These clubs are so hard to use.
XNG They're really small it's easy to miss the ball.
NNX But no matter how much we try, we almost always miss the ball.
NNX The few times we hit it, it just flies off in a random direction and I have to pick it up. 
SNX I spend more time walking to get the ball than actually playing golf.
SNX Sometimes it lands in water and I have to get myself wet to get the ball.
NSG This isn't really fun for me.
NSG Can we do something else, especially since your lesson is postponed?
SSP Ok. Let's go do something else then.
