--G
XNG Can we go to the library? 
XNG There are some books that I want to check out for next semester.
NNP Ok, sure. I want to get some books too. 
bg bookstore.png
NNX We go into the library and to the non-fiction section.
XNG I'm getting some books on quantum field theory, complex analysis, and compiler construction. 
XNG They're all so fascinating and are the topics of the courses I'm taking next semester.
XNG I want to get a head start.
NNP What are those things about?
XNG Quantum field theory is the scientific theory that particles are excitations in quantum fields. 
XNG It's a combination of special relativity and quantum mechanics.
XNG Complex analysis is the study of functions on the complex numbers.
XNG The complex-analytic analogue of a differentiable function is a holomorphic function.
XNG Holomorphic functions are analytic - this is a major theorem in complex analysis.
XNG Compilers are computer programs that turns code from one language to another, usually high-level code into low-level code.
XNG For example gcc is a compiler that turns C/C++ to assembly.
NNP That's all very interesting!
NNP I'm getting a math textbook on algebraic number theory. 
NNP It's about number fields : finite degree extensions of the rational numbers, and their rings of integers.
NNP It's used in cryptography, such as in the general number field sieve.
NNP Which is an algorithm for factoring numbers and breaking RSA. 
NNX We check out our books and leave. 
--B
XNG Can we go to the library? 
XNG There are some books that I want to check out for next semester.
NNP Ok, sure. I want to get some books too. 
bg bookstore.png
NNX We go into the library and to the non-fiction section.
XNG I got a book about quantum field theory.
XNG They're all so fascinating and are the topics of the courses I'm taking next semester.
XNG I want to get a head start.
XNG Quantum field theory is the scientific theory...
NNP Sorry to interrupt, but I'm not really interested in science. I'm more of a pure math kind of person.
XNG But I find it fascinating. Wait. Aren't you a math major? 
XNG I got a book on complex analysis as well. 
NNP That stuff is trivial. Everything is so nice and well-behaved.
NNP Since holomorphic function are all analytic, you don't get any weird stuff unlike real analysis.
NNX Realizing that the things we like don't really match up, we just check out our books and leave.
