--G
NXX I didn't know where to go, but a typical thing to do is to go watch a movie.
NXX So I decided to try it out, even though I'm not really into movies.
NXX Maybe it's something fun. 
NXP Do you want to watch a movie together?
XHG Sure thing, although I don't know any. Do you have any ideas?
NHP There's a semi-popular movie that is being played today. It's about space exploration and scientific research.
XHG Sounds great. Let's go!
NXX I drive to the movie theater and buy the tickets.
bg movie theater.png
NXX I also buy some popcorn and snacks. Then, I go take my seat. 
NHX The movie was great. It was a documentary about the future of space exploration. 
NHX I learned a ton and really enjoyed it. Based on her big smile, I can tellt hat Laura did too.
XHG It was so interesting. I wish I can walk on Mars.
XHG Or even visit some of the moons of Jupiter.
XHG Relativity is so fascinating as well. A trip to nearby stars can take less than a year in the spaceship's time while decades pass on earth. 
XHG What was your favorite part?
HHP I really like the part about the Pioneer effect
HHP They thought it was new physics that made the spacecraft accelerate, but it was just how heat loss occurred in the spacecraft.
HHP It goes to show how, even given the known laws of physics, we can still make new discoveries. 
HHP I also loved the part about black holes.
HHP How the event horizon is just a coordiante singularity in the Schwarzschild metric, and disappears in the Kruskal-Szekeres coordinates.
HHX After the movie is over, we go back into the car. I chat with Laura about the documentary as I drive to the next destination
--B
NXX I didn't know where to go, so I ask Laura for some ideas.
XNG Do you want to watch a movie together?
SNP I'm not really into movies.
XNG Come on, it will be fun!
NNX Even though I don't really like movies that much, I still decide to go and watch one.
NNX Simply because I don't know where else to go.
NNX As I drive to the movie theater, I don't know what to watch.
NNP Do you have any ideas on what to watch?
XNG There is a documentary about space exploration. Let's watch that one.
bg movie theater.png
NNX I buy tickets, get popcorn, and take my seat. 
NNX It was ok, I guess. 
NNX But a lot of the jargon was lost on me. I didn't really understand what they were talking about. 
XSG I don't like this movie, it's a bit bad. 
XSG I want to go home.
NSX We leave halfway through the movie and go back to the car.  
