--G
NXX I decide to keep things simple, so I go to a nearby restaurant and chat with Laura while having some snacks.
NXX I don't need to do anything extravagant, just a classic restaurant date.
bg restaurant.png
NNX I go into the restaurant, order food, and sit down with Laura.
XNG I know that you are a mathematics major. What's it like for you?
NNP It's hard. I get confused very often.
NNP There are so many different definitions, theorems, proof techniques, and so on.
NNP I don't really understand cohomology, it's so abstract.
XNG I feel the same way in my physics classes. 
XNG I feel like I still don't understand Christoffel symbols in general relativity.
XNG Or Lie groups andn their applications in quantum mechanics. 
HNP I learned about Lie groups in one of my differential geometry courses. It's actually very intuitive.
HNP Take the concept of a group, and the concept of a manifold, and combine them. 
XHG I think I understand now. It's a way of making the concept of "continuous symmetry" precise, right?
XHG Such as the spin of an electron. 
HHP Yes, that's a god example.
HHX I chat with Laura about various topics, school, hobbies, math, science.
HHX And even some philosophical topics such as the nature of reality.
HHX Since she's a physics major and I'm a math major, our topics of study are closely related and influence each other.
HHX She showed me so many applications of the topics I'm studying to various physics topics, such as quantum field theory and quantum chromodynamics.
HHX I also taught her a lot too, such as elliptic curves, their group law, their applications in cryptography
HHX And of course, the central role that they play in the proof of Fermat's last theorem.
HHX Overall, I really enjoyed the discussion I had with her.
--B
NXX I decide to keep things simple, so I go to a nearby restaurant and chat with Laura while having some snacks.
bg restaurant.png
NNX I go into the restaurant, order food, and sit down with Laura.
NXX I don't need to do anything extravagant, just a classic restaurant date.
XNG I know that you are a mathematics major. What's it like for you?
NNP It's hard. I get confused very often.
NNP There are so many different definitions, theorems, proof techniques, and so on.
XNG Don't you have computers to do it all for you?
NNP What do you mean?
XNG Can't you just use a computer to prove math theorems for you?
NNP No, that's impossible. This is the negative result of Hilbert's Entscheidungsproblem.
XNG But at least you have computers to help you. Physics is even harder. Physicists have to build huge machines and telescopes. 
XNG All math people do is think about random stuff without caring about real-world issues. 
SNP Are you... insulting my major?
SSG Sorry, but I really have to. As much as I try not to, I just really don't like math.
SSX I realize that this conversation is going in a bad way, so I change the subject.
SSX I refuse to talk about anything even slightly controversial until we finish our food. 
