--G
NNX I wanted to do something exciting, so I went rock climbing with Laura
XNG I'm a little scared of heights, but I hope that going rock climbing will help me get over it. 
bg rock climbing.png
fg Instructor|instructor.png
NNX When we arrive, the instructor helps us get into the harness.
XNG I'm having trouble, can you please help me?
XNInstructor Just put your arms here, legs there, and click the clamps. 
XNG Can you go first? I'm scared.
NNP Ok, you can be the belayer while I climb.
NXX As we start to climb, the instructor tells us what to do.
NXX How to hold onto the rocks tightly.
NXX How to position the body and feet properly.
NXX Balance is just as imporant as strength. 
NXX The meaning of all the jargon used. 
NXX I make it to the top then start to go back down.
NXX I almost lose my balance several times, but the rope keeps me safe.
HXP I did it!
HHP Do you want to try?
HNG I'm still a bit scared but I want to have a try.
NXX This time, I'm the belayer while Laura climbs.
NXX She lost her balance too, I help her stay on the rocks and avoid falling.
NNG I think this is enough, let me down please.
NNX I slowly let the rope extends as she comes down.
NNP Did you like it?
NHG I really enjoyed it!
NHG I think I'm less scared now, but I think I've had enough for one day.
HHP I'm glad you enjoyed it. 
NHX We had fun but now it's time to leave.
--B
NNX I wanted to do something exciting, so I went rock climbing with Laura
XNG I'm a little scared of heights, but I hope that going rock climbing will help me get over it.
bg rock climbing.png 
fg Instructor|instructor.png
NNX When we arrive, the instructor helps us get into the harness.
XNG I'm having trouble, can you please help me?
XNG I'm having trouble, can you please help me?
XNInstructor Just put your arms here, legs there, and click the clamps. 
XNG Can you go first? I'm scared.
NNP I'm scared too. I don't want to go first.
XNG Ok, I'll go first then.
NXX I watch Laura climb while the instructor is the belayer. 
NXX She lost her balance several times, I can't help but laugh.
NSG Why are you laughing at me? I'm scared!
HSP I can't help but laugh! It's so funny watching you be scared like that.
NSG That is NOT funny!  I've had enough! Let me down!
NSX Now it's my turn to climb. 
NXX I try my best but can't get the grip right.
NXX I keep on losing my balance.
NXX I don't know where to position my feet.
NXP I've had enough, let me down please.
NXX I get down and then leave the place, not feeling satisfied.