--G
NXX I have an idea of something that I'm sure Laura would like.
NNP You're a biology major, right? Do you want to go to the zoo?
XNG No, I'm a physics major. But I do like biology. Sure, that sounds great!
bg zoo.png
NNX We pay the admission fee and go inside. 
NNG There are a lot of ethical controversies about zoos.
NNG Some argue that they help protect endangered species while educating the public about animals.
NNG Others argue that people don't have the right to capture and imprison animals.
NNG This is why you should only go to accredited zoos like this one.
NNG The Association of Zoos and Aquariums is an organization that give out accreditations that meet their standards.  
NNG Unaccredited zoos that care more about profit than well-being of animals are cruel.
NSG Don't go to them please.
NNX We look around at various animals in simulated habitats.
NNX Laura tells me tons of fun facts that she learned from reading textbooks on biology and ecology.
NNG There's a mathematical formula called the Lotka-Volterra equations
NNG They are used to model predator-prey dynamics. 
NNG They are differential equations that have a periodic solution. 
NNG Another thing I find fascinating is the logistic curve.
NNG It starts out as an exponential, describing exponential population growth if food is abundant and the population is far from the carrying capacity.
NNG But as resources become more scarce, the curve slows down and eventually reaches a maximum.
NNX I enjoyed listening to Laura talk  about things that she's passionate about. 
NNX I also learned a lot.
--B
NXX I have an idea of something that I'm sure Laura would like.
NNP You're a biology major, right? Do you want to go to the zoo?
XNG No, I'm a physics major. But I do like biology. Sure, that sounds great!
bg zoo.png
NNX We pay the admission fee and go inside. 
NNX Laura tells me tons of fun facts that she learned from reading textbooks on biology and ecology.
NNX But I don't really care about them.
NNG Do you know about the Lotka-Volterra equations?
NNG They are differential equations that describe predator-prey dynamics.
NNP I know about them, but I don't really care. 
NNP As a pure math major, real-world applications aren't really something I care about.
NNP Of course the things I study have applications, but I like studying math for its own sake. 
NNX We look around, not doing much other than just looking, and get tired and leave.
